Third-party IdP claim sharing additions (#5380)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/configure-claims-sharing/main/thirdpartysaml/policies.md

You can configure scenarios for authentication using claims sharing and policies using your Okta SP org and a third-party IdP.

### Authentication policy example

[Create an authentication policy and rule for your app](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-create-auth-policy) in your SP org. Select any two factors, don't select a possession constraint, and allow any authenticators.

Each individual AMR value represents a factor and possession property. During policy evaluation, Okta uses the AMR values to verify if the authentication policy can be satisfied.

> For example, the `pwd` and `sms` AMR claims can satisfy an authentication policy configured with **Any two factors**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `pwd` and `sms` AMR claims can satisfy an authentication policy configured with **Any 2 factor types**.
```

Reviewer: the UI label uses the number
